200 freestyle and sports schools
Karachai-Cherkessia of neighboring regions
weight categories from 35 to 76
kilograms
will challenge the competition gold and
champion title tournament organized
brothers tim visa when sponsored
the support of Magomed to this opened it
rite duo director
Karachay-Circassian Republican
madrasa muhammad haji erken then
the participants were welcomed by the deputy
Minister of Physical Culture and Sport
republics of alicante worlds we hope
that they also thought marriage was careless to them
will succeed
all his
knows everything and
life they are very young, and watched as the
you are a thief number
and now decided to continue to make their
mite
bringing up your wires
chief referee of the tournament honored coach
Russia I want tea in which in due time
saw the potential brothers so frisky
come to him in the hall in Karachayevsk
I will not hide bet on the forman
on the middle brother he
I came to him as I remember it all
so dry
wiry handsome like glinka
for from now on i don't remember that
Furman someone lost in the hall
nauruz
due to him hard work went further than
and furman and empty
Alhas Chuchaev no secret of pride for
their famous pupils they
glorified Karachai Cherkessia and Russia
at the world level they are equal
The younger generation of wrestlers is given a start.
tournaments first three pairs of wrestlers
invited to the carpet of the fight pass
fast every athlete tries
show your capabilities to all two hundred
Bart himself is a thief nickname to go through
five laps of the tournament and only then will
determined the winners themselves take this
cut nuruz pockets doctor
watch the progress carefully
competition and really liked
organization of the tournament referee in turn
works that I noticed without errors and for what
really wanted to guys young they
such moments remember for a long time I
today I saw very good guys
that show on the carpet are good
promising
here
the results are very
I want these guys to grow up and
have shown themselves in the international arena
wrestlers took away two gold medals
Pyatigorsk Ruslan Orga Shocks and Alikhan
Kadiev holders of another 9 first places
their weight categories became
sportsmen from Karachay-Cherkessia
youtube noddle me in dinislam naiman yes
not off the coast bilyal Karas Ilya
Bostanov mouth Denayev Islam Batashev and
knew Karayev and Ruslan Kuban
Temrezov behalf of their brothers tournament
being held for the first time I will be organizing
hope that it will become traditional and
will be one of the most hysteria account
world class sporting events and
on the box was given in Astana together
Karachay-Cherkessia